# Code Review
Introduction and Artifact One Review can be found [here](https://youtu.be/MNbDwvWprhM).  
Artifact Two Review can be found [here](https://youtu.be/ed9p4Jq6Fq0).

# Artifact One: Software Design and Engineering
[Original Project Code](https://github.com/acroteau1/IT-365-Operating-Environments)
[Modified Project Code](https://github.com/acroteau1/Operating-Environments)
## Description
For this artifact, I worked on the “Operating Environments” project. This artifact was created during my time in IT-365: Operating Environments in late 2020. This program simulates the communication between a user’s web browser, the server, and the server response using several different classes and methods. Depending on the class, there are programs responsible for simulating a simple web server, returning header output, and mapping configuration parameters, among other functions.

## Justification
This artifact is being included in the ePortfolio because it was a project I felt confident working with. I felt that the changes and additions that I made to the base code presented by my instructor when taking the course were well understood, and I was confident in dissecting the code and how it worked. I also felt it would be an appropriate choice because it showcased my skills and abilities in understanding both the original programming language and the one that it would be translated into. The artifact was improved by translating the project from Java to Python, both of which are object-oriented programming languages that would accommodate the functions of the program efficiently. I specifically dissected each file of the original program one at a time to examine what each file was doing in the overall program. From there, I researched similar classes, functions, and packages in Python and worked on re-writing the code in Python so that it would function the same way.

## Reflection
In this project, I was able to utilize the Python language to re-create a program from the ground up. I learned quite a bit while I was creating and improving this project. I extensively researched XML exceptions and how they were implemented in a Python program. I also had to determine how to manipulate the “datetime” function to print the date the same way it was printed in the original program. I also had to research how to extend classes in Python, and then determine the equivalent Python class compared to the original Java class that was extended. I faced several challenges during the course of improving this artifact. I had to research several methods that I was not familiar with or had not extensively used, such as the “super()” method, writing exceptions into the code, and the try and catch methods. While these were utilized in the original project in Java, I had limited to no experience with them in Python. I also struggled with the Attributes object type from Java, which did not have a similar object type in Python, leading me to utilize a dictionary object type in its place. Finally, I also struggled to determine the appropriate packages to import in each file, as the packages in Java did not always have identical packages in Python, requiring some creativity to determine what was needed to make the program run correctly. Overall, it was a great learning experience to translate this project from Java to Python, and enhanced my understanding and comfort with both languages. 
